Release version 3.5.0 (#669)
DataDog/chef-datadog: CHANGELOG.md

Changes
=======

# 3.5.0 / 2019-12-17

> * [FEATURE] Allow monitors have multiple configurations by creating the default configuration into a `.d` folder. See [#666][] [@kbogtob][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Allow integrations to have multiple configurations by creating the default configuration into a `.d` folder. See [#666][] [@kbogtob][]
```
